partition_manager: Add PM_EXTERNAL_FLASH_HAS_DRIVER Kconfig option (#8515)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/ug_bootloader_external_flash.rst

Using external flash memory partitions
######################################

When using MCUboot, you can store the storage partition for the secondary slot in the external flash memory, using a driver for the external flash memory that supports the following features:

* Single-byte read and write.
* Writing data from the internal flash memory to the external flash memory.

.. note::

>    The Partition Manager will only allow run-time access to flash partitions that are

Reviewer: `will only allow ` 

Is `will only support` more correct as PM don't explicitly block these accesses.

>    placed on external flash devices that have drivers compiled in. Partition Manager has no

Reviewer: Instead of mentioning partitions placed on external flash devices, would it be more precise to talk about "regions" located in external flash? Any partition needs to be stored in a region, and a region can be located in external flash. Just a thought.

>    way to determine whether partitions are used at run-time or not, during compilation,
>    but it will decide to not include partition into map if there is no driver enabled for it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   way to determine whether partitions are used at run-time or not during compilation,
   but it will decide to not include partition into map if there is no driver enabled for it.
```

   Lack of partition access will cause MCUboot to fail at run-time.

>    For more details on configurint ane enabling access to external flash devices please refer

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   For more details on configuring and enabling access to external flash devices, please refer
```
